now Dinah the daughter of Leah whom she
now Dinah the daughter of Leah whom she had borne to Jacob went out to see the
had borne to Jacob went out to see the
had borne to Jacob went out to see the daughters of the land and when Shechem
daughters of the land and when Shechem
daughters of the land and when Shechem the son of Hamor the high white prince
the son of Hamor the high white prince
the son of Hamor the high white prince of the country saw her he took her and
of the country saw her he took her and
of the country saw her he took her and lay with her and violated her his soul
lay with her and violated her his soul
lay with her and violated her his soul was strongly attracted to Dinah the
was strongly attracted to Dinah the
was strongly attracted to Dinah the daughter of Jacob and he loved the young
daughter of Jacob and he loved the young
daughter of Jacob and he loved the young woman and spoke kindly to the young
woman and spoke kindly to the young
woman and spoke kindly to the young woman so Shechem spoke to his father
woman so Shechem spoke to his father
woman so Shechem spoke to his father Hamor
Hamor
Hamor get me this young woman as a wife and
get me this young woman as a wife and
get me this young woman as a wife and Jacob heard that he had defiled Dinah
Jacob heard that he had defiled Dinah
Jacob heard that he had defiled Dinah his daughter Matt his sons were with his
his daughter Matt his sons were with his
his daughter Matt his sons were with his livestock in the field
livestock in the field
livestock in the field so Jacob held his peace until they came
so Jacob held his peace until they came
so Jacob held his peace until they came then heimo the father of Shechem went
then heimo the father of Shechem went
then heimo the father of Shechem went out to Jacob to speak with him and the
out to Jacob to speak with him and the
out to Jacob to speak with him and the sons of Jacob came in from the field
sons of Jacob came in from the field
sons of Jacob came in from the field when they heard it and the men were
when they heard it and the men were
when they heard it and the men were grieved and very angry because he had
grieved and very angry because he had
grieved and very angry because he had done a disgraceful thing in Israel by
done a disgraceful thing in Israel by
done a disgraceful thing in Israel by lying with Jacobs daughter a thing which
lying with Jacobs daughter a thing which
lying with Jacobs daughter a thing which ought not to be done but heimo spoke
ought not to be done but heimo spoke
ought not to be done but heimo spoke with them
with them
with them the soul of my son Shechem longs for
the soul of my son Shechem longs for
the soul of my son Shechem longs for your daughter please give her to him as
your daughter please give her to him as
your daughter please give her to him as a wife and make marriages with us give
a wife and make marriages with us give
a wife and make marriages with us give your daughters to us and take our
your daughters to us and take our
your daughters to us and take our daughters to yourselves so you shall
daughters to yourselves so you shall
daughters to yourselves so you shall dwell with us and the land shall be
dwell with us and the land shall be
dwell with us and the land shall be before you dwell and trade in it and
before you dwell and trade in it and
before you dwell and trade in it and acquire possessions for yourselves in it
acquire possessions for yourselves in it
acquire possessions for yourselves in it then Shechem said to her father and her
then Shechem said to her father and her
then Shechem said to her father and her brothers
brothers
brothers let me find favor in your eyes and
let me find favor in your eyes and
let me find favor in your eyes and whatever you say to me I will give ask
whatever you say to me I will give ask
whatever you say to me I will give ask me ever so much dowry and gift and I
me ever so much dowry and gift and I
me ever so much dowry and gift and I will give according to what you say to
will give according to what you say to
will give according to what you say to me but give me the young woman as a wife
me but give me the young woman as a wife
me but give me the young woman as a wife but the sons of Jacob answered Shechem
but the sons of Jacob answered Shechem
but the sons of Jacob answered Shechem and Hamor
and Hamor
and Hamor his father and spoke deceitfully because
his father and spoke deceitfully because
his father and spoke deceitfully because he had defiled Dinah their sister we
he had defiled Dinah their sister we
he had defiled Dinah their sister we cannot do this thing to give our sister
cannot do this thing to give our sister
cannot do this thing to give our sister to one who is uncircumcised for that
to one who is uncircumcised for that
to one who is uncircumcised for that would be a reproach to us but on this
would be a reproach to us but on this
would be a reproach to us but on this condition we will consent to you if you
condition we will consent to you if you
condition we will consent to you if you will become as we are if every male of
will become as we are if every male of
will become as we are if every male of you is circumcised then we will give our
you is circumcised then we will give our
you is circumcised then we will give our daughters to you and we will take your
daughters to you and we will take your
daughters to you and we will take your daughters to us and we will dwell with
daughters to us and we will dwell with
daughters to us and we will dwell with you and we will become one people but if
you and we will become one people but if
you and we will become one people but if you will not heed us and be circumcised
you will not heed us and be circumcised
you will not heed us and be circumcised then we will take our daughter and be
then we will take our daughter and be
then we will take our daughter and be gone and their words pleased heimo and
gone and their words pleased heimo and
gone and their words pleased heimo and Shechem heimeau's son so the young man
Shechem heimeau's son so the young man
Shechem heimeau's son so the young man did not delay to do the thing because he
did not delay to do the thing because he
did not delay to do the thing because he delighted in jacob's daughter he was
delighted in jacob's daughter he was
delighted in jacob's daughter he was more honourable than all the household
more honourable than all the household
more honourable than all the household of his father
and Hema and shechem his son came to the
and Hema and shechem his son came to the gate of their city and spoke with the
gate of their city and spoke with the
gate of their city and spoke with the men of their city these men are at peace
men of their city these men are at peace
men of their city these men are at peace with us therefore let them dwell in the
with us therefore let them dwell in the
with us therefore let them dwell in the land and trade in it for indeed the land
land and trade in it for indeed the land
land and trade in it for indeed the land is large enough for them let us take
is large enough for them let us take
is large enough for them let us take their daughters to us as wise and let us
their daughters to us as wise and let us
their daughters to us as wise and let us give them our daughters only on this
give them our daughters only on this
give them our daughters only on this condition will the men consent to dwell
condition will the men consent to dwell
condition will the men consent to dwell with us to be one people if every male
with us to be one people if every male
with us to be one people if every male among us is circumcised as they are
among us is circumcised as they are
among us is circumcised as they are circumcised will not their livestock
circumcised will not their livestock
circumcised will not their livestock their property and every animal of
their property and every animal of
their property and every animal of theirs be ours only let us consent to
theirs be ours only let us consent to
theirs be ours only let us consent to them and they will dwell with us and all
them and they will dwell with us and all
them and they will dwell with us and all who went out of the gate of his City
who went out of the gate of his City
who went out of the gate of his City heeded heimo and Shechem his son every
heeded heimo and Shechem his son every
heeded heimo and Shechem his son every male was circumsized all who went out of
male was circumsized all who went out of
male was circumsized all who went out of the gate of his City now it came to pass
the gate of his City now it came to pass
the gate of his City now it came to pass on the third day when they were in pain
on the third day when they were in pain
on the third day when they were in pain but two of the sons of Jacob Simeon and
but two of the sons of Jacob Simeon and
but two of the sons of Jacob Simeon and Levi
Levi
Levi Dinah's brothers each took his sword and
Dinah's brothers each took his sword and
Dinah's brothers each took his sword and came boldly upon the city and killed all
and they killed Hema & Shakers his son
and they killed Hema & Shakers his son with the edge of the sword and took
with the edge of the sword and took
with the edge of the sword and took diner from Chekhov's house and went out
sons of jacob came upon the slain and
sons of jacob came upon the slain and plundered the city because their sister
plundered the city because their sister
plundered the city because their sister had been defiled they took their sheep
had been defiled they took their sheep
had been defiled they took their sheep their oxen and their donkeys what was in
their oxen and their donkeys what was in
their oxen and their donkeys what was in the city and what was in the field and
the city and what was in the field and
the city and what was in the field and all their wealth all their little ones
all their wealth all their little ones
all their wealth all their little ones and their wives they took captive they
and their wives they took captive they
and their wives they took captive they plundered even all that was in the
plundered even all that was in the
plundered even all that was in the houses and Jacob said to Simeon and Levi
houses and Jacob said to Simeon and Levi
houses and Jacob said to Simeon and Levi you have troubled me by making me
you have troubled me by making me
you have troubled me by making me obnoxious among the inhabitants of the
obnoxious among the inhabitants of the
obnoxious among the inhabitants of the land among the Canaanites and the
land among the Canaanites and the
land among the Canaanites and the perizzites and since I am few in number
perizzites and since I am few in number
perizzites and since I am few in number they will gather themselves together
they will gather themselves together
they will gather themselves together against me and kill me I shall be
against me and kill me I shall be
against me and kill me I shall be destroyed my household and I should he
destroyed my household and I should he
destroyed my household and I should he treat our sister like a harlot